3.79.0 changelogs (#9733)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-google: CHANGELOG.md

## 3.79.0 (Unreleased)
NOTES:

> * spanner: The `num_nodes` field on `google_spanner_instance` will have its default removed in a future major release, and either `num_nodes or `processing_units` will be required. ([#9716](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/9716))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* spanner: The `num_nodes` field on `google_spanner_instance` will have its default removed in a future major release, and either `num_nodes` or `processing_units` will be required. ([#9716](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/9716))
```

> * spanner: `num_nodes` will become a required field in the next major release and a value has to be set on `google_spanner_instance`. It will also conflict with the new field `processing_units`. ([#9716](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/9716))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* spanner: The `num_nodes` field will have its default removed in a future major release, and either `num_nodes or `processing_units` will be required. ([#9716](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/9716))
```

## 3.79.0 (Unreleased)
NOTES:
* spanner: `num_nodes` will become a required field in the next major release and a value has to be set on `google_spanner_instance`. It will also conflict with the new field `processing_units`. ([#9716](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/9716))

FEATURES:
* **New Resource:** `google_dialogflow_cx_entity_type` ([#9717](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/9717))
* **New Resource:** `google_dialogflow_cx_page` ([#9683](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/9683))

IMPROVEMENTS:

> * all (DCL resources only): ignore diff after apply errors coming from the DCL ([#9701](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/9701))

Reviewer 3: Should we include this? It's sort of internal-only. If we include it, it might be nice to reword to be [more friendly to end users](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules/blob/master/.ci/RELEASE_NOTES_GUIDE.md#not-user-centric) like: `made permadiffs no longer cause applying a plan to crash` or similar. Maybe it's a bugfix instead of an improvement?

Reviewer 4: I'd lean towards removing it, as I don't really have a good way of describing the situation where this would happen, and we don't have a good way to describe which resources would be impacted

Author: removed

> * container: added `network_config` block to `google_container_node_pool` resource (beta) ([#9707](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/9707))

Reviewer 5: Beta only?
